[ra2 ch7] nile proofreading (#3279)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter07.rst

   **Gap description:** Describe which functionality described in the related requirements is currently missing in the
   implementations you're aware of. Include references to work ongoing in the target project, which may adress the gap.

.. Container run-time Interfaces towards NFVI resources
.. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
..

> ..   (unclear) This is the southbound infrastructure resources from the container platform as presented by the IaaS provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..   (unclear) This is the southbound interface from the container to the infrastructure resources provided by the IaaS provider.
```

   **Related requirements:** :ref:`inf.ntw.03 <chapters/chapter02:kubernetes architecture requirements>`

   **Baseline project:** *Kubernetes*

>    **Gap description:** Kubernetes does not have an API for network service (e.g. VPNs) management, therefore a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Gap description:** Kubernetes does not have an API for network service (e.g., VPNs) management, therefore a
```

   different CNI plugin, like `DANM <https://github.com/nokia/danm>`__ needs to be used to expose Kubernetes Network

>    services on an API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   services.
```
